# SMART-MENU-ORDERING-SYSTEM-WITH-WIFI-CONNECTIVITY
The major issue faced in restaurants and hotels is the quality of service provided by them especially ordering of food. Traditionally, it used to take a long time for food ordering as waiter used to note down orders, place it kitchen and the food was prepared. It also involved traditional pen and paper method and the process was time consuming. It also involved a lot of wastage of paper. Hence, we have designed the smart restaurant in which the orders will be placed paperless using Arduino UNO, TFT touch display connected to the kitchen chef directly using ESP WIFI connectivity. This acted as the transmitting side. At the receiving side, the order placed is seen on Monitor/Screen through web server. Hence, the workers focused on billing and other work process and provided better quality services. We found out that this method is useful in many ways like- It not only saved the wastage of paper but also reduced the burden on the waiters and workers to great extent. Time management was also done as more and more customers could be handled by taking their orders and provide quality service. This setup is quite practical on basis such that this system can be implemented for small startups hotels and restaurants. The investment cost is also one-time investment as it requires less maintenance. The only fact it requires is to update the system as per our convenience and new offers. It also required average skilled labor to operate.Its grasping factor is that the waiters can involve them in the processes of billing and other processes. Hence it promotes the multi-tasking process and the system helps in better customer end services.
